API-668 Document and Validate Properties (#1001)
hazelcast/hazelcast-nodejs-client: DOCUMENTATION.md

| hazelcast.discovery.public.ip.enabled                  | null(detection enabled)             | boolean or null | When set to `true`, the client will assume that it needs to use public IP addresses reported by members. When set to `false`, the client will always use private addresses reported by members. If it is null, the client will try to infer how the cluster is structured and act accordingly. This inference is not %100 reliable and may result in false-negatives.                                               |
| hazelcast.invalidation.max.tolerated.miss.count        | 10                                  | number          | If missed invalidation count is bigger than this value, relevant cached data in a near cache will be made unreachable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | hazelcast.invalidation.reconciliation.interval.seconds | 60                                  | number          | This is a periodic task that scans cluster members periodically to compare generated invalidation events with the received ones from the client Near Cache.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hazelcast.invalidation.reconciliation.interval.seconds | 60                                  | number          | Period of the task that scans cluster members to compare generated invalidation events with the received ones from the client Near Cache.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

In the following chapters you will learn the description of all options supported by Hazelcast Node.js client.

# 3.1 Client Properties

The following is the list of all client properties in alphabetical order.

> > **NOTE: When you want to reconfigure a client property, you need to restart the client.**

Reviewer: Isn't this the same for all of the config elements? We don't support dynamic updates to config elements (or let's say the behavior, in this case, is undefined), so I would remove this warning

Author: Yeah this is taken from properties section of IMDG, but let's remove as you said

| hazelcast.client.autopipelining.enabled                | true                                | boolean         | Turns automated pipelining feature on/off. If your application does only write operations, like `IMap.set()`, you can try disabling automated pipelining to get a slightly better throughput.                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| hazelcast.client.autopipelining.threshold.bytes        | 65536 (64 KB)                       | number          | This is the coalescing threshold for the internal queue used by automated pipelining. Once the total size of operation payloads taken from the queue reaches this value during batch preparation, these operations are written to the socket. Notice that automated pipelining will still send operations if their total size is smaller than the threshold and there are no more operations in the internal queue. |

> | hazelcast.client.cloud.url                             | https://coordinator.hazelcast.cloud | string          | Hazelcast Cloud URL.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | <!-- markdown-link-check-disable-line -->

Reviewer: This shouldn't be public. It is only suitable for the cloud team to use, to test the client in different environments. For users, they don't need to bother with this and only use the production environment, which is the default value.

> | hazelcast.client.heartbeat.interval                    | 5000                                | number          | Frequency of the heartbeat messages sent by the clients to members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hazelcast.client.heartbeat.interval                    | 5000                                | number          | Frequency of the heartbeat messages sent by the clients to members in milliseconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | hazelcast.client.heartbeat.timeout                     | 60000                               | number          | Timeout for the heartbeat messages sent by the client to members. If no messages pass between the client and member within the given time via this property in milliseconds, the connection will be closed.                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hazelcast.client.heartbeat.timeout                     | 60000                               | number          | Timeout for the heartbeat messages sent by the client to members in milliseconds. If no messages pass between the client and member within the given time via this property, the connection will be closed.                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

| hazelcast.client.invocation.retry.pause.millis         | 1000                                | number          | Pause time between each retry cycle of an invocation in milliseconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | hazelcast.client.invocation.timeout.millis             | 120000                              | number          | Period, in milliseconds, to give up the invocation when a member in the member list is not reachable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: There are also other scenarios where we use this property. From the reference manual
```
You can set a timeout for retrying the operations sent to a member. This can be provided by using the property hazelcast.client.invocation.timeout.seconds in ClientProperties. The client retries an operation within this given period, of course, if it is a read-only operation or you enabled the redoOperation as stated in the above paragraph. This timeout value is important when there is a failure resulted by either of the following causes:

Member throws an exception.

Connection between the client and member is closed.

Client’s heartbeat requests are timed out.
```

Author: Why this section does not include them? https://docs.hazelcast.com/imdg/4.2/clients/java.html#client-system-properties

Author: opened this one https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/issues/94

| hazelcast.client.operation.backup.timeout.millis       | 5000                                | number          | If an operation has backups, this property specifies how long (in milliseconds) the invocation waits for acks from the backup replicas. If acks are not received from some of the backups, there will not be any rollback on the other successful replicas.                                                                                                                                                         |
| hazelcast.client.operation.fail.on.indeterminate.state | false                               | boolean         | When it is `true`, if an operation has sync backups and acks are not received from backup replicas in time, or the member which owns primary replica of the target partition leaves the cluster, then the invocation fails. However, even if the invocation fails, there will not be any rollback on other successful replicas.                                                                                     |

> | hazelcast.client.shuffle.member.list                   | true                                | boolean         | The client shuffles the given member list to prevent all the clients to connect to the same member when this property is true. When it is set to false, the client tries to connect to the members in the given order.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hazelcast.client.shuffle.member.list                   | true                                | boolean         | The client shuffles the given member list to prevent all the clients to connect to the same member when this property is `true`. When it is set to `false`, the client tries to connect to the members in the given order.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

| hazelcast.client.statistics.enabled                    | false                               | boolean         | If set to `true`, it enables collecting the client statistics and sending them to the cluster. When it is `true` you can monitor the clients that are connected to your Hazelcast cluster, using Hazelcast Management Center.                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| hazelcast.client.statistics.period.seconds             | 3                                   | number          | Period in seconds the client statistics are collected and sent to the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | hazelcast.discovery.public.ip.enabled                  | null(detection enabled)             | boolean or null | When set to `true`, the client will assume that it needs to use public IP addresses reported by members. When set to `false`, the client will always use private addresses reported by members.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: I think we should document that, if it is null, we try to infer how the cluster is structured and act accordingly. I also think that, we should say that this inference is not %100 reliable and may result in false negatives (acting like `false`, while the cluster is set up to act like `true`)

Author: Why java client does not have null value but node.js client have?

Reviewer: It also has that by default value

Author: Then I will open an issue since it is not documented. the property description in https://docs.hazelcast.com/imdg/4.2/clients/java.html#client-system-properties is not enough is it?

> | hazelcast.invalidation.max.tolerated.miss.count        | 10                                  | number          | If missed invalidation count is bigger than this value, relevant cached data will be made unreachable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| hazelcast.invalidation.max.tolerated.miss.count        | 10                                  | number          | If missed invalidation count is greater than this value, relevant cached data will be made unreachable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
Maybe we can put the word `Near cache` somewhere, as this is related to that.

Author: Ok I will try to add near cache word. I think `bigger` is ok btw.
